 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 LUTVI ANIEK SETIYO PUTRI  
SKILLS  
Negotiation  
Analysis  
Computer literate in 
Microsoft Office  
ERP 
Graphic Desain and 
Illustrator at CorelDraw  
ABOUT ME  
I am an ambitious person who has develop mature and responsible  
approach to any task that i undertake or situation that i  am presented with. 
Adept at solving complex problem by utilizing a combination of research, 
creativity and critical thinking. My goal is to work in a challenging position 
to improve abilities, competencies, skills, experience and become a 
successful partn er. 
EXPERIENCE  
Staff Purchasing  / Procurement  | Jan 2022  - Now  
Full Time | PT. Shoenary Javanesia Inc . 
 
 Analyze the company's spending needs or expense analysis.  
 Monitor, analyze, and maintain the condition of the company's stock level.  
 Create purchase order or PO documents. Make purchases from suppliers for 
specific  specifications and quantities according to purchase requests (PR) of 
related products.  
 Ensure the quality of the goods ordered and monitor the delivery of goods.  
 Negotiate on price, payment term and delivery time.  
 Searching for vendors and assessing vendor competence, negotiating the 
scope of work and service prices, managing work contracts and evaluating 
vendor performance.  
 Evaluate and prepare purchasing reports with related departments.  
 
Operator Utilities  | 1 - 31 Mar 2021  
Internship | PPSDM Migas, Cepu.  
 
 Implementing standard operating procedures on distillation units in the refinery 
and utility  sector.  
 Monitor the distillation process and ensure it runs in good terms.  
 Analyze with mass balance method and energy balance in the distillation  
process.  
OTHER EXPERIENCE  
Laboratory Assistant   
 Universitas Sebelas Maret , Surakarta | Fluid Transportation   
(Agt 2020 - Jan 2021)      
 
 Universitas Sebelas Maret, Surakarta | Physical Chemistry     
(Feb - Agt 2020)  
KADIKA (Keluarga Diploma Tiga Teknik Kimia UNS)    
Jan 2019 - Dec 2020 
Universitas Sebelas Maret , Surakarta | Kominfo Staff  
BKI (Badan Kerohanian Islam) Faculty of Engineering  
Jan - Dec 2019  
Universitas Sebelas Maret, Surakarta | Nisaa’ Staff  
EDUCATION  
2018 - 2021  
Universitas Sebelas Maret  
Chemical Engineering (Diploma III ) 
GPA 3,83/4,0  
+62895375613971  
lutfhyputri@gmail.com  
www.linkedin.com/in/LutviAniekSP  
Temanggung, Jawa Tengah 
56221 . 
CONTACT  
