     P a g e  1 | 3 
 Human Capital Division  
PT Hutama Karya (Persero)  
Letjen MT. Haryono St. Kav. 8, Cawang, East Jakarta. 13340  
(021) 8193708 – pthk@hutamakarya.com  
 
 
 
 
Dear Human Capital Division , 
I am writing to express my keen interest in the QS/QC Staff at PT Hutama Karya (Persero), as 
informed on ‘Talent Scouting Alumni Vokasi Universitas Sebelas Maret ’ program . Introducing my 
name is Nadhifa Aqilatul Hafshoh as a recent graduate with a Diploma in Civil Engineerin g from 
Sebelas Maret University. I am excited about the prospect of contributing my skills, knowledge, 
and enthusiasm to esteemed this company.  
Throughout my academic journey, I have maintained a GPA of 3.71/4.00, indicative of my 
dedic ation to academic excellence. Moreover, I actively engaged in practical learning 
experiences through two impactful project internships. These experiences equipped me with 
hands -on skills  and an understanding of the practical application of engineering principles in 
real -world scenarios.  
My involvement in organizational  activities  has honed my leadership, teamwork, and 
communication skills. These qualities, coupled with my academic achievements, empower me 
to collaborate effectively and adapt swiftly to diverse environments —a crucial aspect of 
excelling in today's dynamic workplaces.  
I am enthusiastic about the possibility of discussing how my background, skills, and passion 
align with t he objectives of PT Hutama Karya (Persero).  CV is attached as require d bellow this 
letter. Thankyou fo r your consideration and f urther good news is highly anticipated.  
 
 
 
 
Warmest regards,  
Nadhifa Aqilatul Hafshoh  
 
 
      P a g e  2 | 3 
 NADHIFA AQILATUL HAFSHOH  
Surakarta, Central Java  | 0895422618547 | Nadhifaa710@gmail.com  
 
 
 OBJECTIVE   
A highly motivated and recent Civil E ngineering graduate with GPA : 3,71. 
A strong academic background and a passion for creating sustainable 
building solution. Aspiring for QS/QC Staff  positition where I can apply 
my education, technical skills, engineering software proficiency, and 
dedication to contribute to innovative engineering projects while further 
developing my expertise in fields.  
 
 
EDUCATION  
Sebelas Maret University   
Associate’s De gree of Civil Engineering, GPA :  3.71/4.00  July 2020 – July 2023  
Final Project : Construction Plan Of  A Tree -Storey  Student Center W ith Green Building Concept  
 
INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCES  
PT. Wisnu Sejati  June 2022 – August 2022  
Fulltime intern  of ‘Kerja Praktik’ programs on Rumah Sakit Tentara Semarang construction 
projects as Quality Control, Board of Directors Staff, and Staff of Site Engineer.  
 Maintained the detail record to da ily and weekly progress reports.  
 Aligned  (horizontal position) and graded (vertical elevation) : coloumns and stairs.  
 Measured and mapping at the construction areas.  
 As a collabolator between engineers and field workers.  
CV. Widwipa Karya  August 2022 – December 2022  
Fulltime intern of ‘Magang Industri’ programs as Quality Control, Drafter, and Estimator.  
 Monitored  the progress of work plan on four projects : houses, office, and warehouse.  
 Drafted  the as build drawings by operating AutoCAD and SketchUp . 
 Calculated  the costs of structural volume and budget estimate plan  for one house project.  
 Checked t he shop drawings and ensuring that work is carried out well.  
 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCES  
HMDS FONDASI  January 2021 – December 2022  
Staff of Interest and Talent Department (2021) and Special Staff of Secretary Department (2022)  
 Develop ed to accommodate talents and interests in various fields for class of 2019 -2021 . 
 Offered  training classes, organize p erformances and competitions for 270  students.  
 Facilitated  the smooth operation of HMDS FONDASI 2022  by handling administratives 
between students , organization, and faculty administration department.  
  
     P a g e  3 | 3 
 FONDASI DAYS  August 2021 – February 2023  
Staff of Creative Funding Division (2022 ), Leader of Finance (2023), and Vol unteer of Liaison 
Office (2023)  
 Created  five project  activities and successfully funding Rp. 5.000.000, - 
 Led 14 sta ffs on two division and gained Rp. 51.000.000, - on three main sponsors.  
 Coordinated and monitored  the smooth operation of activities between crews and 78 
participants.  
SEMAR  SOLID TEAM  January 2021 – December 2022  
Special Staff of Media and Communication Department  
 Created  contents and managed  the official instagram of @semarsolidteam.  
 Designed  the presentation, poster and document templates of each competition teams.  
AGREGAT 6.0  March  2021 – October  2022  
Mentor  
 Provided  guidance, support, and assistance to help all new students navigate the transition 
into the new environment and become acclimated to their surroundings.  
 
HARD  SKILLS  
 Understand  the structural design and general civil engineering science . 
 Operate engineering  software  : AutoCAD, Revit, SAP2000, SketchUp, and ETABS .  
 Project technical knowledge  : All instruments  of work  such as  labour, methods, and  
: materials tools.  
 Measurement quality control  : Perform ed checking on the contruction project s.  
 Work management   : Managed  board of directors  office needs  and social media.  
 Photo and video e diting  skills  : Coreldraw, Canva, Filmora, and Capcut.  
 English language skills   : TOEIC 775/995 (ETS, 2024).  
 
SOFT  SKILLS  
 Communicate well   : Can explain and present things well for the teammates.  
 Time management   : Able determine  the priorities .  
 Problem solving skills   : Liked  to think critically and discuss ing.  
 Analytical     : Able to analyse data and technical design.  
 Leadership     : Have led teams  and projects .  
 Professional ethics   : Adherence to the work  norms and  high  tolerance.  
 Flexibility and adaptability  : Accustomed to quickly recognising the environment.  
 Team skills    : Have w orked in several  team and actively participating.  
 
 
 
 
 
   