 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Safira Parama Santati]  
Cikarang, Jawa Barat |  +62 8954 1364 0852 | safiraparama27@gmail.com  
https://www.linkedin.com/in/safiraparamasantati  
 
About Me  
I graduated from Universitas Sebelas  Maret majoring in Diploma degree of Chemical Engineering 
with the GPA 3.78 of 4.00. I ha ve experience s as a Supervisor Quality Control. I manage d quality 
activities and ensured the target is achieved  both the quality and quantity meet the technical 
standa rds, evaluated any trouble and performed continuous improvements, evaluated 
performance of quality control team. Besides, I took part as a laboratory assistant. I assisted in in 
the preparation of chemical instructional laboratory materials, including chem ical solutions, 
equipments, performed chemical and physical laboratory test in making quantitative and 
qualitative analysis of solid and liquid materials.  
 
Competency  
■ Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PPT)  
■ AutoCAD  
■ Matlab  
■ Microsoft Visio+  
■ Calibration  ■ Analytical thinking  
■ Research  
■ Laboratory Analysis  
■ Chemical Process  
■ Health, Safety, Environment  
 
Working Experience  
PT. Procoat Energi Baru  (Cikarang, Jawe Barat ) 
Supervisor Quality Control (December 2022 – Now ) 
• Devising, improving, and reviewing new specifications and procedures for products or 
processes, and training staff to use them  
• Setting the requirements for raw materials from suppliers and monitoring their compliance  
• Supervising inspectors, technicians, and other staff members and  providing guidance.  
• Monitoring performance and quality of personnel, processes, and methods on an ongoing 
basis to ensure compliance with documented procedures and regulatory requirements.  
• Directing audit activities commensurate to production schedules  
• Developing monthly reports showing inspection and audit performance and improvement 
opportunities  
• Performing PDCA and corrective action plan to other departments that involved in the 
processes.  
 
 
PT. Ungaran  Sari Garments (Semarang, Jawa Tengah)  
Supervisor Quality Control (February - July 2022)  
● Supervising production and quality activities  
● Conducting a meeting for any defect quality finding  
● Responsible for handling first piece inspection, pilot piece inspect ion 
● Analyzing rejection to improve production  
● Evaluating performance of Quality control team  
 
PT. Marimas Putera Kencana (Semarang, Jawa Tengah)  
Staff Quality Control intern (Juni - Agustus 2021)  
● Analyzing waste water process (BOD, COD, microbiology, active mud)  
● Analyzing quality of the products  (water content, visual, weight, taste)  
● Hold finished good products for any quality defect finding  
● Analyzing data and advise operation for continuous improvement  
 
 
Education  
Universitas Sebelas Mar et (2018 - 2021)  
D3 Chemical Engineering - GPA 3,78 of 4,00  
● Carrying out subjects, such as Chemical Analysis of Quantitative and Qualitative, Quality 
Management System, Oil and Gas Proce sses 
● Performing Matlab, Microsoft Office, AutoCAD  
● Becoming a laboratory as sistant  
● Actively participating in an organization and be coming a leader for several events (local 
and national events)  
 
Training and Course  
● ISO 9001:205. 2023  
        by ISO Focus  
● ISO 17025:2017. 2022  
        by Padmalab Global Indonesia  
● Good Manufacturing Practices. 2021  
        by Makin Ahli  
● Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point. 2021  
        by Makin Ahli  
● TOEIC (Score: 700). 2020  
        by PT. International Test Center  
 